com/springcore/primitive/Student.java
 com.springcore.primitive.Student
com/springcore/collections/Employee.java
 com.springcore.collections.Employee
com/springcore/primitive/App.java
 com.springcore.primitive.App
com/springcore/collections/EmployeeApp.java
 com.springcore.collections.EmployeeApp
com/springcore/ref/A.java
 com.springcore.ref.A
com/springcore/ref/B.java
 com.springcore.ref.B
com/springcore/ref/ReferenceApp.java
 com.springcore.ref.ReferenceApp
com/springcore/constructor/injection/Certification.java
 com.springcore.constructor.injection.Certification
com/springcore/constructor/injection/Person.java
 com.springcore.constructor.injection.Person
com/springcore/constructor/injection/MathUtil.java
 com.springcore.constructor.injection.MathUtil
com/springcore/constructor/injection/PersonApp.java
 com.springcore.constructor.injection.PersonApp
com/springcore/lifecycle/Samosa.java
 com.springcore.lifecycle.Samosa
com/springcore/lifecycle/Pepsi.java
 com.springcore.lifecycle.Pepsi
com/springcore/lifecycle/Tea.java
 com.springcore.lifecycle.Tea
com/springcore/lifecycle/App.java
 com.springcore.lifecycle.App
com/springcore/auto/wire/Employee.java
 com.springcore.auto.wire.Employee
com/springcore/auto/wire/Address.java
 com.springcore.auto.wire.Address
com/springcore/auto/wire/AutoWireApp.java
 com.springcore.auto.wire.AutoWireApp
com/springcore/auto/wire/annotation/Address.java
 com.springcore.auto.wire.annotation.Address
com/springcore/auto/wire/annotation/Employee.java
 com.springcore.auto.wire.annotation.Employee
com/springcore/auto/wire/annotation/AutoWireApp.java
 com.springcore.auto.wire.annotation.AutoWireApp
com/springcore/standalone/collections/Person.java
 com.springcore.standalone.collections.Person
com/springcore/standalone/collections/App.java
 com.springcore.standalone.collections.App
com/springcore/stereotype/App.java
 com.springcore.stereotype.App
com/springcore/stereotype/Student.java
 com.springcore.stereotype.Student
com/springcore/spel/Salary.java
 com.springcore.spel.Salary
com/springcore/spel/App.java
 com.springcore.spel.App
com/springcore/javaconfig/JavaConfig.java
 com.springcore.javaconfig.JavaConfig
com/springcore/javaconfig/App.java
 com.springcore.javaconfig.App
com/springcore/javaconfig/Samosa.java
 com.springcore.javaconfig.Samosa
com/springcore/javaconfig/Student.java
 com.springcore.javaconfig.Student
